README.md, before:

# SummaryBuddy
SummaryBuddy is a web application that enables students to easily get summarised text from news articles.

## About the project
SummaryBuddy was developed to save time trying to digest lengthy articles using Machine Learning (ML). In this digital era, an abundance of information is placed out there on the web. As such, our tool eases their information gathering process and effectiveness.

## How it works
Our Machine Learning(ML) Model is trained on the `multi_news` dataset allowing our model to produce summaries that are accurate and precise over a wide-range of topics.

We also created a website which has fields to make use of `REST API` to connect to get an output from our ML model.

## Tech Stack
<div align="center">
  <code><img height="50" src="img/python.svg" alt="Python" title="Python" /></code>
  <code><img height="50" src="img/pytorch.svg" alt="Pytorch" title="Pytorch" /></code>
  <code><img height="50" src="img/react.svg" alt="React" title="React" /></code>
</div>

## Collaborators

[Merrickneo](https://github.com/Merrickneo)
[kavantan](https://github.com/kavantan)
[leirdas](https://github.com/leirdas)
[senwei01](https://github.com/senwei01)

Commit message:

Add client-side installation instructions into README.md

README.md, after:

# SummaryBuddy

SummaryBuddy is a web application that enables students to easily get summarised text from news articles.

## About the project

SummaryBuddy was developed to save time trying to digest lengthy articles using Machine Learning (ML). In this digital era, an abundance of information is placed out there on the web. As such, our tool eases their information gathering process and effectiveness.

## Setup Instructions

Clone down this repository. You will need `node` and `npm` installed globally on your machine.

### Client Side

Switch to Client Side (frontend) Directory:

`cd frontend`

Installation:

`npm install`

To Start Client:

`npm start`

To Visit App:

`localhost:3000/`

### Server Side

## How it works

Our Machine Learning(ML) Model is trained on the `multi_news` dataset allowing our model to produce summaries that are accurate and precise over a wide-range of topics.

We also created a website which has fields to make use of `REST API` to connect to get an output from our ML model.

## Tech Stack

<div align="center">
  <code><img height="50" src="img/python.svg" alt="Python" title="Python" /></code>
  <code><img height="50" src="img/pytorch.svg" alt="Pytorch" title="Pytorch" /></code>
  <code><img height="50" src="img/react.svg" alt="React" title="React" /></code>
</div>

## Collaborators

[Merrickneo](https://github.com/Merrickneo)
[kavantan](https://github.com/kavantan)
[leirdas](https://github.com/leirdas)
[senwei01](https://github.com/senwei01)
